I saw a dream.

It was something like the marriage of my brother. In the dream, I am an only child. We, me, my brother, grandma, the bride, the bride’s brother or sister or friend (I don’t remember), father (probably ours), and two other passengers (men) were on a train together. They were all together. It might sound bizarre, but it is what it is.

Conversations were going on during the journey. My brother, the bride, her companion, and others were talking. There were two groups. I was mostly silent, only talked to bride, others were talkative.

We were going for the marriage of the bride and my brother.

I don’t have any memory of the past of the train scene.

The marriage was held at probably a hill station. I don’t remember the place name, but I remember its surroundings, nature, and landscape. A very uneven smooth place, like a miniature mountain. Grass all around. Near a forest. Multiple houses that looked like medieval houses, and some had church-like roofs. This was like a village which had a culture like Hinduism plus Christianity. The marriage tradition was like the bride’s father picks up the bride on his shoulder and takes her to the place where the marriage is about to happen.

The place was really beautiful. The houses were on top of the miniature mountain. Below that was a garden or park type place, and below that was normal sea level, though I am not sure if that was sea level.

There were important conversations we had on the train, but I couldn’t remember them. They included all of us. Sorry about that.

When we reached the place, the marriage preparations were started, and we all were observing and enjoying the place, meeting relatives we met years ago. Everyone was happy.

There is a time skip. Not in the dream, but I couldn’t remember anything in between.

But I remember a line said by grandma from the train and an old man, probably her husband. She said, “You also know they look together, but this is no time to bring this up.” Both laughed, and grandma went to the lower part, the garden or park, and the old man went to the upper part, the houses. I heard that.

Now it was time for the marriage. Every female was gathered on the lower part, the garden or park, of the miniature mountain, and the men were on the upper part, the houses, where there was a circular-shaped stage placed. In front of that was a white heart with a circle around it made with white flowers.

Now the bride’s father picked her up. They were in the lower part, the garden or park, and he took her up the stairs to the upper part, the houses, with everyone behind following him. He looked sad, like a father at his daughter’s marriage. He placed her on the circular stage. My brother was already there. They were really happy. Everyone was celebrating.

I was standing there with a smile on my face and an emotionless mind, like I was there to record it and tell it later. No one noticed me.

Then I woke up.
